[Music]
To add MedBank as an integration, go to
settings, integrations, and add new,
where you select Medybank. Now you see
some fields that need to be filled out.
Start by giving your integration a name,
something that makes it easy to
identify. Next, decide whether you want
to share this storage source with others
or keep it private for your use only.
Now, to get access to your client ID and
client secret, you have to log in to
your account in Medybank. When you're
in, click on your name in the top right
corner where you find organization
settings and then you need to access API
clients on the left sidebar. Here you
have to create a new API client. The
only thing you have to enter is a
description of the API client and the
client ID and secret ID will appear.
It's important to save the client's
secret somewhere safe because this is
the only time this will show. Now, when
you've done this, enter the client ID
and client secret in the corresponding
fields in cutting room. When you're
done, press save.
Your Medybank integration is now ready
to use. When you go back to the editor,
Medybank will appear in the source panel
on the left side. When you click on it,
all the available content in Medybank
will show up here, ready to use in your
project.
You can now edit the video exactly how
you want it.
When you're happy with the result,
render the project and choose Medybank.
Here you can choose a headline for the
video, a description, and rendition.
When you're done, click publish to
Medybank.
[Music]
Now, when you return to Medybank, the
video you just exported will appear
there, ready to be used or shared.
[Music]